hey everyone
welcome back to movie recap today i'm
going to show you a movie called
lucy it is a 2014 french science fiction
action film written and directed by luke
besson
and produced by virginie bessencilla the
movie is about a woman
accidentally caught in a dark deal turns
the tables on her captors
and transforms into a merciless warrior
evolved beyond human logic
let's start
in the opening shot we see a cell split
up into multiple other cells
then we see a proto-human in prehistoric
times drinking from a lake
lucy narrates by saying that life began
billions of years ago
and ponders just what we have done with
it since then
in the present lucy is a young american
woman outside a hotel in taiwan with her
week-long boyfriend richard he is asking
her to take a briefcase up to the room
of a mr jang
even though offered 500 dollars she
refuses to do anything for richard
without knowing
what it is that he wants her to deliver
so he handcuffs lucy's wrist to the
handle of the briefcase
leaving her with no choice she enters
the lobby and tells the clerk that
richard is sending her up to jang
and then nervously gives her name to the
clerk lucy looks out the window to see
richard smiling and trying to be
encouraging
until he is shot and killed a group of
thugs come out of the elevator and force
lucy to go up with them
this scene is juxtaposed with footage of
a cheetah chasing a gazelle
mauling it and then carrying the
gazelle's corpse in its teeth
they take lucy to jang's apartment there
are bloodied corpses on the floor
causing lucy to vomit jang comes out
with his hands soaked in blood
he rings up a man on the phone to
translate for lucy
she cries not knowing what is going on
or why any of this is happening
jang writes down number 140 on a piece
of paper
which is the code to open the briefcase
jang steps into the next room
while his men arm themselves with guns
and shields lucy opens the briefcase
which contains four one kilograms bags
of blue powdered crystals
jang brings in a drugged up man to snort
some of the blue powder
the man briefly convulses and then
starts laughing maniacally until jang
shoots him in the head
lucy is then ordered to do a job which
she refuses to do until she gets smacked
lucy wakes up in a hotel room there is a
bandage on her stomach
jang's men come in and throw her some
clothes she is taken to jang
along with three other men a british man
known as the limey comes in to explain
to lucy that she and the other men have
had a drug called cph4 stuffed into
their lower intestines
the drug is supposed to be the next big
thing on the market
and they intend to smuggle it across the
world
afterwards lucy is taken to a room and
chained up where one of the thugs
tries to get into her jeans then starts
kicking her in the stomach
right where they cut into her this
causes a tear in the drug bag
leaking the powder into lucy's system
she begins to ride and thrash all across
the room
even reaching up to the ceiling until
she falls back down to the floor
[Music]
as all of this happens we meet professor
samuel norman giving a lecture to a
classroom on his research of the brain's
capacity
he essentially explains what could
happen if humans could exceed beyond the
suggested 10
brain capacity that they use as well as
its responses to certain environments
that would allow the brain
to submit the immortality or
reproduction basically
if the subject doesn't like their
environment they would choose
immortality and move elsewhere but if
they were happy with their setting
they would be inclined to reproduce if
say humans could reach up to 40 percent
they could manipulate matter one student
asks norman what would happen
if humans reached 100 he says he has no
idea
lucy reawakens with her eyes glowing
bright blue
she sits upright calmer than before a
thug comes into the room
and lucy spreads her legs to tempt him
the thug smiles
and lays down his gun on the table as he
walks over to her
lucy grabs his belt and flips him over
then pulls the table over to take the
gun
after she frees herself she shoots the
other thugs as they're eating
she gets shot in the shoulder but is
able to dig the bullet out without
feeling pain
she then eats all the thug's food before
leaving
she finds two taxi drivers outside
shoots one in the leg
and gets one of them to take her to the
hospital
on her way to the hospital lucy has
heightened senses and is able to hear
people's voices from outside the car
when she gets to the hospital she is
able to clearly read the signs
as if they were in english to her she
gets to an operating room
where doctors are working on a man lucy
looks at the patient's x-ray scans
and then shoots the man stating to the
doctors that they wouldn't have been
able to save him
because the tumor in his brain had
already spread far enough
she forces the doctors to take the bag
out of her stomach
she then calls her mother to tell her
that she feels everything
the air the blood in her veins the heat
leaving her body
and is even able to access the deepest
parts of her memories
like when she was sick as a child or
even petting a cat
when she was barely a year old she tells
her mother that she loves her before
hanging up
the doctor pulls the bag of drugs out of
lucy's stomach
and after she tells him that it's cph4
he tells her
that this is something that pregnant
women produce six weeks into their
pregnancy as nutrients for the fetus and
that the doctor is surprised
lucy has survived this long with it in
her body
lucy makes one more stop back to the
hotel to find jang as he is in the
middle of getting a tattoo and a facial
she kills his guards and then shoes the
tattoo artist away before sticking
knives in both of jang's hands
with her new found powers she does a
vulcan mind meld into his brain
and sees where the other three drug
mules are going based on images of their
plane tickets
she leaves and zhang lets out a pain
scream
lucy goes to the apartment of her friend
carolyn to use her laptop
she reads all of norman's research in a
matter of seconds then contacts him to
tell him what she's read
he is astonished to hear that she read
everything even as she continues to
explain
what she is feeling and experiencing now
that she has reached up to 20
brain capacity she is able to manipulate
electronics
making her appearance on the tv in
norman's hotel room
as well as his phone and the radio she
plans to meet with him in 12 hours
before leaving she prints out a
prescription for carolyn
telling her that her liver and kidneys
are failing and that she needs to make
new lifestyle choices
and she'll be okay the news about lucy
shooting the patient has spread
so as she makes her way through the
airport she changes her hair color and
style
she calls a french policeman captain
pierre del rio to inform him of the
other drug mules
she then boards the plane and continues
her research on the brain
typing on her laptop at rapid fire pace
the flight attendants ask her to turn
off her computer
and lucy asks for a glass of champagne
while also telling one flight attendant
to wipe her nose without looking
and the lady's nose bleeds after lucy is
given the champagne glass and toasts to
knowledge
she sips and then 40 flashes on screen
she discovers a tooth in her glass and
then she spits up three more teeth
then her skin starts to disintegrate in
plain sight of the passengers and flight
attendants
lucy runs to the bathroom where her
fingers start to disappear
and her face begins to sort of melt she
pulls out the rest of the cph4 and
snorts it
restoring herself to normal but she
passes out
lucy wakes up in a hospital room with
del rio and a few other officers and
doctors waiting
right after they have apprehended the
other mules she sits up instantly to the
alarm of a nurse
lucy leaves the room and is surrounded
by armed men
with a wave of her fingers she is able
to put them all to sleep
except for del rio
lucy uses her powers to find a new
location taking over del rio's car and
driving manically through the streets
admitting she's never driven before
meanwhile one of jang's henchmen jye
comes in with more armed meant to find
the other mules
they take them into a room and cut the
drugs out of them after killing them
together they find jang's men and with
her brain function now at 60 percent
she moves them around the hall and
prevents jaye from escaping with the
briefcase full of drugs
by creating a sort of invisible wall she
swipes the drugs from jai
and starts to leave but orders del rio
to go with her
he thinks he is of no use to her but she
walks over to him and kisses him
asking him to come as a reminder
lucy and del rio find norman and his
colleagues in a university
where she begins to divulge all she has
come to realize with her brain power now
exceeding that of a normal human being
while this happens jang and his men
infiltrate the place and start shooting
lucy gives the rest of the cph4 to the
professors for them to synthesize into a
liquid material
that goes into her bloodstream her brain
function goes to 70 percent
and her hands start to turn into a black
wormy sort of goo
that attaches itself to the computers in
the room giving lucy more energy from
matter
and thereby supplying her with an insane
amount of power
as her brain function continues to
increase she manipulates matter in such
a way
that she seems to erase everything in
the room leaving the professors standing
in white space
before creating some kind of new age
super computer before their eyes
from outside as jang's men are shot down
by the police
he orders jai to do something jai takes
a rocket launcher and blasts through the
room
sending lucy thousands of miles to times
square
she manages to move time with a wave of
her hand she travels backwards from
early 20th century new york to colonial
times
even all the way to prehistoric times to
come face to face with the proto-human
from the opening scene
they touch fingers sending lucy through
the cosmos and all of space and time
giving her unlimited and infinite power
jang enters the room and slowly raises
his gun to lucy's head
and then she reaches one hundred percent
her body disappears
leaving her clothes behind zhang fires
his gun at nothing
del rio comes in and shoots jang to
death the black matter in the room
disappears and morse into a flash drive
that lands in norman's hands
thus expanding and completing his
research del rio
asks where lucy is a message appears on
his phone saying
i am everywhere the film concludes with
an overhead shot of jang's corpse
while lucy's voice says this is what can
be done with life
thanks for watching see you in another
movie recap
please like and subscribe and click the
bell icon to get new video updates
have a nice day
you